fix(gatsby): show @hot-loader installation prompt (#26927)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/troubleshooting-common-errors.md

```

You may be able to find more information for your circumstances in [the GitHub issue corresponding to this error](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/11406).

## Errors during development

### React-Hot-Loader: react-🔥-dom patch is not detected. React 16.6+ features may not work.

> Gatsby develop uses Hot-Module-Reloading (HMR) to update your webpage without refreshing the page. Gatsby uses [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader). When opening the console you might see the warning:

Reviewer: Is this still accurate and does it capture what you meant? Trying to clarify.

```suggestion
`gatsby develop` uses Hot Module Replacement (HMR) to update your webpage without refreshing the page. The package that Gatsby uses for HMR is [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader). When opening the console, you might see the following warning:
```

```shell
React-Hot-Loader: react-🔥-dom patch is not detected. React 16.6+ features may not work.
```

> To make sure all React features work, you'll have to install `@hot-loader/react-dom`. You have to make sure the installed version is the same as your `react-dom` version. If `react-dom` is at version 16.13.0, you'll have to install `@hot-loader/react-dom@16.13.0`. You should see the following message in your cli:

Reviewer: Could we add another sentence in here that explains what this `@hot-loader/react-dom` is / why we need it? Is it another dependency of `react-hot-loader`?

Author: @meganesu thanks for the review, I updated the paragraph.

Reviewer: Yay, look great! Thanks for the update.

> To make sure all React features work, you'll have to install `@hot-loader/react-dom`. You have to make sure the installed version is the same as your `react-dom` version. If `react-dom` is at version 16.13.0, you'll have to install `@hot-loader/react-dom@16.13.0`. You should see the following message in your cli:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure all React features work, you'll have to install `@hot-loader/react-dom`.

You have to make sure the installed version of `@hot-loader/react-dom` is the same as your `react-dom` version. For example, if `react-dom` is at version 16.13.0, you'll have to install `@hot-loader/react-dom@16.13.0`. In this case, you would see the following message in your CLI:
```

```shell
warning React-Hot-Loader: please install "@hot-loader/react-dom@^16.13" to makes sure all features of React are working.
```

> Install it by running npm install (or its yarn equivalent):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `@hot-loader/react-dom` using `npm install` (or its Yarn equivalent, `yarn add`):
```

## Errors during development

### React-Hot-Loader: react-🔥-dom patch is not detected. React 16.6+ features may not work.

`gatsby develop` uses Hot Module Replacement (HMR) to update your webpage without refreshing the page. The package that Gatsby uses for HMR is [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader). When opening the console, you might see the following warning:

```shell
React-Hot-Loader: react-🔥-dom patch is not detected. React 16.6+ features may not work.
```

To make sure all React features work, you'll have to install `@hot-loader/react-dom`. It's a patched version of the original `react-dom` package that makes [React Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) work with HMR. When not available, changes made in a file that contains a React hook will do a forced browser refresh instead of a hot module update.

You have to make sure the installed version of `@hot-loader/react-dom` is the same as your `react-dom` version. For example, if `react-dom` is at version 16.13.0, you'll have to install `@hot-loader/react-dom@16.13.0`. In this case, you would see the following message in your CLI:

```shell

> warning React-Hot-Loader: please install "@hot-loader/react-dom@^16.13" to makes sure all features of React are working.

Reviewer 2: typo `makes`

```

> Install `@hot-loader/react-dom` using `npm install` (or its Yarn equivalent, `yarn add`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this message, install the matching version of `@hot-loader/react-dom` using `npm install` (or its Yarn equivalent, `yarn add`):
```
